README.md, before:

본인의 위젯을 넣는 가이드
스타일 변경 가이드

# React Mdi Portal

<h3 align="center">Create personalized widgets in your browser.</h3>

#

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/moonklabs/mdi-portal-lsm-study/assets/62977652/77ab2ba6-d743-4ff5-aafc-4b6bfce51b97" alt="시연영상">
</div>

## Feature

This project is built with React and Nest, and it supports the following features:

- 🌐 Create browser widgets
- 🕒 Create clock widgets
- 🖱️ Drag & Drop widgets
- ↔️ Resize widgets
- 📏 Grid sort widgets
- 🗂️ Stack sort widgets
- 👁️ Hide widgets
- 🔲 Maximize widgets
- 👁️‍🗨️ Hide all widgets
- 📂 Open all widgest
- 💾 Save widget state

###

<!-- For more details on features, please refer to the links below:

- [Backend](docs/backend.md)
- [Frontend](docs/frontend.md) -->

## Demo

You can try out the deployed version of the project through the following demo links:

- Frontend: Hosted on Vercel
- Backend: Hosted on Koyeb

Experience the personalized widget creation and management features directly in your browser!

- [react mdi portal](https://react-mdi-portal.vercel.app/)

This link provides a live demonstration of the full functionality of the React Mdi Portal, allowing you to explore its capabilities.

## Quick start

### Requirements

- Node.js (Recommended minimum version 14.0.0 or higher)
- npm

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/moonklabs/react-mdi-portal.git
```

### 2. Run the project

Open a terminal and enter the following commands. If you are using VSCode, click on the terminal tab at the top and open a new terminal.

`cd frontend or cd backend`

> Navigate to the frontend or backend folder.

`npm install`

> Install dependencies.

`npm run start`

> Run the project locally.

_This project uses SQLite by default. If you want to use MySQL or PostgreSQL, please refer to this link [Database Setup Guide](docs/guide/DB_guide.md)_

## Contributing

- If you have any feature requests or find bugs, please email us.

## About

If you are interested in my development journal, click on [About](docs/about.md) and [Development Journal](docs/개발일지/). If this project has helped you, please express your support by clicking the star button!

<div align="center">
  <a href="README_KR.md">🇰🇷 Korean</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Update README_KR.md with English view link and add style_guide, widget_guide

README.md, after:

# React Mdi Portal

<h3 align="center">Create personalized widgets in your browser.</h3>

<div align="center">
  <a href="README_KR.md">🇰🇷 Korean</a>
</div>

#

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/moonklabs/mdi-portal-lsm-study/assets/62977652/77ab2ba6-d743-4ff5-aafc-4b6bfce51b97" alt="시연영상">
</div>

## Feature

This project is built with React and Nest, and it supports the following features:

- 🌐 Create browser widgets
- 🕒 Create clock widgets
- 🖱️ Drag & Drop widgets
- ↔️ Resize widgets
- 📏 Grid sort widgets
- 🗂️ Stack sort widgets
- 👁️ Hide widgets
- 🔲 Maximize widgets
- 👁️‍🗨️ Hide all widgets
- 📂 Open all widgest
- 💾 Save widget state

###

<!-- For more details on features, please refer to the links below:

- [Backend](docs/backend.md)
- [Frontend](docs/frontend.md) -->

## Demo

You can try out the deployed version of the project through the following demo links:

- Frontend: Hosted on Vercel
- Backend: Hosted on Koyeb

Experience the personalized widget creation and management features directly in your browser!

<!-- - [react mdi portal](https://react-mdi-portal.vercel.app/) -->

- <a href="https://react-mdi-portal.vercel.app/" target="\_blank">react mdi portal</a>

This link provides a live demonstration of the full functionality of the React Mdi Portal, allowing you to explore its capabilities.

## Quick start

If you want to add your own custom app, please refer to [Custom](docs/guide/widget_guide.md). Additionally, if you want to apply your own style, please refer to the [Style](docs/guide/style_guide.md) guide.

### Requirements

- Node.js (Recommended minimum version 14.0.0 or higher)
- npm

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/moonklabs/react-mdi-portal.git
```

### 2.1 Run Frotend

Open a terminal and enter the following commands. If you are using VSCode, click on the terminal tab at the top and open a new terminal.

`cd frontend`

> Navigate to the frontend folder.

`npm install`

> Install dependencies.

`npm run start`

> Run the project locally.

### 2.2 Run Backend

Open a terminal and enter the following commands. If you are using VSCode, click on the terminal tab at the top and open a new terminal.

`cd backend`

> Navigate to the frontend backend.

`npm install`

> Install dependencies.

`npm run start`

> Run the project locally.

_This project uses SQLite by default. If you want to use MySQL or PostgreSQL, please refer to this link [Database Setup Guide](docs/guide/DB_guide.md)_

## Contributing

- If you have any feature requests or find bugs, please email us.

## About

If you are interested in my development journal, click on [About](docs/about.md) and [Development Journal](docs/개발일지/). If this project has helped you, please express your support by clicking the star button!
